1001
load aspell_wordlist.txt
delete screech's
insert screech's
delete infomercial's
insert infomercial's
delete buckle's
insert buckle's
delete finalists
insert finalists
delete edited
insert edited
delete monosyllables
insert monosyllables
delete Amazon
insert Amazon
delete fancying
insert fancying
delete calibrated
insert calibrated
delete yard's
insert yard's
delete Wrangell
insert Wrangell
delete steeping
insert steeping
delete BlackBerry
insert BlackBerry
delete daunt
insert daunt
delete pragmatism
insert pragmatism
delete tolling
insert tolling
delete dishtowel
insert dishtowel
delete lossless
insert lossless
delete angrily
insert angrily
delete Lucite's
insert Lucite's
delete houseroom
insert houseroom
delete prioresses
insert prioresses
delete troll's
insert troll's
delete lingered
insert lingered
delete skittishness's
insert skittishness's
delete overslept
insert overslept
delete embroilment's
insert embroilment's
delete SW's
insert SW's
delete centrism's
insert centrism's
delete Bernard
insert Bernard
delete stopwatch's
insert stopwatch's
delete yellower
insert yellower
delete redacts
insert redacts
delete Hegel's
insert Hegel's
delete jersey
insert jersey
delete geek
insert geek
delete Segre
insert Segre
delete deliverance's
insert deliverance's
delete urbanize
insert urbanize
delete Pr
insert Pr
delete parasite
insert parasite
delete zestiest
insert zestiest
delete unlimber
insert unlimber
delete diking
insert diking
delete silos
insert silos
delete Ruskin's
insert Ruskin's
delete typewrote
insert typewrote
delete satirist's
insert satirist's
delete juxtapose
insert juxtapose
delete Clinton's
insert Clinton's
delete Nelda's
insert Nelda's
delete provolone's
insert provolone's
delete Malaysia
insert Malaysia
delete unlawfulness
insert unlawfulness
delete muscling
insert muscling
delete coachmen
insert coachmen
delete scald
insert scald
delete thrower's
insert thrower's
delete RNA's
insert RNA's
delete fostered
insert fostered
delete disuses
insert disuses
delete mature
insert mature
delete Lesotho's
insert Lesotho's
delete cholera
insert cholera
delete schmoe's
insert schmoe's
delete frolicking
insert frolicking
delete adjunct
insert adjunct
delete hydrate
insert hydrate
delete manner
insert manner
delete siphon's
insert siphon's
delete dapperer
insert dapperer
delete interference's
insert interference's
delete acquiesced
insert acquiesced
delete augustness
insert augustness
delete Laos's
insert Laos's
delete philanthropists
insert philanthropists
delete rereads
insert rereads
delete stunners
insert stunners
delete waspishness
insert waspishness
delete snoopiest
insert snoopiest
delete quisling
insert quisling
delete recapitalizes
insert recapitalizes
delete crunchiness's
insert crunchiness's
delete Duncan
insert Duncan
delete grafts
insert grafts
delete nonexempt's
insert nonexempt's
delete familiarization
insert familiarization
delete virology's
insert virology's
delete witlessness
insert witlessness
delete guff's
insert guff's
delete dictator
insert dictator
delete gov
insert gov
delete substantially
insert substantially
delete Massasoit's
insert Massasoit's
delete abnormality
insert abnormality
delete singed
insert singed
delete piques
insert piques
delete Candy's
insert Candy's
delete furbishing
insert furbishing
delete striplings
insert striplings
delete recenter
insert recenter
delete firedamp's
insert firedamp's
delete sweltered
insert sweltered
delete ostlers
insert ostlers
delete Blair's
insert Blair's
delete Brunhilde's
insert Brunhilde's
delete glen
insert glen
delete galoshe's
insert galoshe's
delete shampooer
insert shampooer
delete Mn's
insert Mn's
delete asperities
insert asperities
delete ope
insert ope
delete buffed
insert buffed
delete creeds
insert creeds
delete disarrangement
insert disarrangement
delete expatriation's
insert expatriation's
delete helve
insert helve
delete lulling
insert lulling
delete coenobite's
insert coenobite's
delete goldenrod's
insert goldenrod's
delete posteriors
insert posteriors
delete Steinbeck's
insert Steinbeck's
delete conductress
insert conductress
delete credenza
insert credenza
delete fluffs
insert fluffs
delete strumpets
insert strumpets
delete axis's
insert axis's
delete escollopes
insert escollopes
delete Chappaquiddick
insert Chappaquiddick
delete daiquiri
insert daiquiri
delete kettles
insert kettles
delete lyrically
insert lyrically
delete greenhouses
insert greenhouses
delete ASCII
insert ASCII
delete prophylactic's
insert prophylactic's
delete Meade
insert Meade
delete Fulbright's
insert Fulbright's
delete barcarolle's
insert barcarolle's
delete sybarite
insert sybarite
delete partnered
insert partnered
delete investigation
insert investigation
delete Klan
insert Klan
delete resemblances
insert resemblances
delete testis's
insert testis's
delete Gary's
insert Gary's
delete mothers
insert mothers
delete bedizens
insert bedizens
delete Sal
insert Sal
delete shtik's
insert shtik's
delete buttock
insert buttock
delete smites
insert smites
delete clouted
insert clouted
delete mentality
insert mentality
delete budget's
insert budget's
delete Esau's
insert Esau's
delete Haney
insert Haney
delete contractile
insert contractile
delete despoilment
insert despoilment
delete superusers
insert superusers
delete expanded
insert expanded
delete hounding
insert hounding
delete tossup's
insert tossup's
delete belle
insert belle
delete Stravinsky's
insert Stravinsky's
delete requirement
insert requirement
delete bothersome
insert bothersome
delete gibbet
insert gibbet
delete investigatory
insert investigatory
delete velocities
insert velocities
delete inarticulateness
insert inarticulateness
delete perambulations
insert perambulations
delete byte
insert byte
delete cabala
insert cabala
delete gannet's
insert gannet's
delete thrashing
insert thrashing
delete fill's
insert fill's
delete deputizing
insert deputizing
delete disease's
insert disease's
delete rinse
insert rinse
delete divan's
insert divan's
delete hoax
insert hoax
delete Steve
insert Steve
delete denuclearizes
insert denuclearizes
delete psychodrama's
insert psychodrama's
delete novelizations
insert novelizations
delete prodigally
insert prodigally
delete chowder
insert chowder
delete outage
insert outage
delete caddie
insert caddie
delete conviction
insert conviction
delete mailman's
insert mailman's
delete soiled
insert soiled
delete tacitly
insert tacitly
delete interchanged
insert interchanged
delete Jonson
insert Jonson
delete spurs
insert spurs
delete reticulations
insert reticulations
delete Basseterre
insert Basseterre
delete dribbler
insert dribbler
delete Nash
insert Nash
delete Brest
insert Brest
delete Adar's
insert Adar's
delete paralleled
insert paralleled
delete corvette
insert corvette
delete onslaught's
insert onslaught's
delete edifice's
insert edifice's
delete rashers
insert rashers
delete Sirs
insert Sirs
delete moneygrubber
insert moneygrubber
delete Sabbath
insert Sabbath
delete elicits
insert elicits
delete remap
insert remap
delete churches
insert churches
delete headhunting's
insert headhunting's
delete choker's
insert choker's
delete curlier
insert curlier
delete Stern
insert Stern
delete Mario's
insert Mario's
delete viticulture's
insert viticulture's
delete gelding
insert gelding
delete incertitude's
insert incertitude's
delete milquetoasts
insert milquetoasts
delete Errol
insert Errol
delete colorful
insert colorful
delete Erasmus's
insert Erasmus's
delete pepper's
insert pepper's
delete underpin
insert underpin
delete bowl's
insert bowl's
delete sponsorship
insert sponsorship
delete bearskin's
insert bearskin's
delete emancipated
insert emancipated
delete Scientologist's
insert Scientologist's
delete grooved
insert grooved
delete antithesis's
insert antithesis's
delete overdraws
insert overdraws
delete unaided
insert unaided
delete stake's
insert stake's
delete digestions
insert digestions
delete descry
insert descry
delete crossfires
insert crossfires
delete oak's
insert oak's
delete smut
insert smut
delete prophylaxes
insert prophylaxes
delete visitations
insert visitations
delete demystifies
insert demystifies
delete pitch's
insert pitch's
delete playtime
insert playtime
delete defensing
insert defensing
delete Beadle's
insert Beadle's
delete tweeds's
insert tweeds's
delete untruthfulness's
insert untruthfulness's
delete frat's
insert frat's
delete amontillados
insert amontillados
delete alderman's
insert alderman's
delete gatecrasher's
insert gatecrasher's
delete way's
insert way's
delete Trident
insert Trident
delete immovability's
insert immovability's
delete enfeeble
insert enfeeble
delete hymnals
insert hymnals
delete cheekbones
insert cheekbones
delete abstractions
insert abstractions
delete leviers
insert leviers
delete inspired
insert inspired
delete inactively
insert inactively
delete estrange
insert estrange
delete untidiness's
insert untidiness's
delete Croesus's
insert Croesus's
delete bibliography's
insert bibliography's
delete nutritionist
insert nutritionist
delete Semite's
insert Semite's
delete trachea
insert trachea
delete disables
insert disables
delete compartmentalizes
insert compartmentalizes
delete voluptuously
insert voluptuously
delete paperhanger
insert paperhanger
delete antivivisectionist's
insert antivivisectionist's
delete courser
insert courser
delete mildness's
insert mildness's
delete feta's
insert feta's
delete oversimplification
insert oversimplification
delete broadness
insert broadness
delete peeping
insert peeping
delete satisfaction's
insert satisfaction's
delete intransitive's
insert intransitive's
delete exercised
insert exercised
delete aftermaths
insert aftermaths
delete convolutions
insert convolutions
delete unsnarls
insert unsnarls
delete cox
insert cox
delete Concord's
insert Concord's
delete draftswoman
insert draftswoman
delete elaborateness
insert elaborateness
delete carpeted
insert carpeted
delete macks
insert macks
delete cavilled
insert cavilled
delete Sussex
insert Sussex
delete blight
insert blight
delete Lordship
insert Lordship
delete complacence's
insert complacence's
delete advents
insert advents
delete dinnering
insert dinnering
delete Veronese
insert Veronese
delete backdated
insert backdated
delete retail
insert retail
delete referenda
insert referenda
delete Pu's
insert Pu's
delete memento
insert memento
delete mincemeat
insert mincemeat
delete multiplex
insert multiplex
delete bibliographer's
insert bibliographer's
delete cannibalistic
insert cannibalistic
delete reversibility
insert reversibility
delete cognitive
insert cognitive
delete wholeheartedness's
insert wholeheartedness's
delete flt
insert flt
delete pharynx's
insert pharynx's
delete deterioration's
insert deterioration's
delete spellcheckers
insert spellcheckers
delete stagehand
insert stagehand
delete splutters
insert splutters
delete newer
insert newer
delete aubergines
insert aubergines
delete reintroduces
insert reintroduces
delete alienate
insert alienate
delete franking
insert franking
delete tweeting
insert tweeting
delete juicer
insert juicer
delete mocked
insert mocked
delete punches
insert punches
delete bordellos
insert bordellos
delete pilaff
insert pilaff
delete easiness
insert easiness
delete equipoise's
insert equipoise's
delete missus
insert missus
delete firmer
insert firmer
delete Chungking's
insert Chungking's
delete Charley's
insert Charley's
delete observatories
insert observatories
delete oleo's
insert oleo's
delete an
insert an
delete settle's
insert settle's
delete mutilators
insert mutilators
delete delimit
insert delimit
delete facilities
insert facilities
delete peepbo
insert peepbo
delete tympanum
insert tympanum
delete surprised
insert surprised
delete Ferraro
insert Ferraro
delete extralegal
insert extralegal
delete disconnect
insert disconnect
delete embedded
insert embedded
delete roadster's
insert roadster's
delete crimping
insert crimping
delete Disney
insert Disney
delete lighted
insert lighted
delete crappie's
insert crappie's
delete magistracy's
insert magistracy's
delete UCLA's
insert UCLA's
delete entrants
insert entrants
delete waterworks
insert waterworks
delete flabbiness's
insert flabbiness's
delete whooped
insert whooped
delete Shiites
insert Shiites
delete intrinsically
insert intrinsically
delete candler
insert candler
delete sawbuck's
insert sawbuck's
delete intolerance's
insert intolerance's
delete twinight
insert twinight
delete dissimilitudes
insert dissimilitudes
delete calls
insert calls
delete corrode
insert corrode
delete dance
insert dance
delete wineglass's
insert wineglass's
delete liked
insert liked
delete Jack's
insert Jack's
delete Mithridates's
insert Mithridates's
delete dominant
insert dominant
delete annuities
insert annuities
delete sleeplessness
insert sleeplessness
delete assumptions
insert assumptions
delete breastplate
insert breastplate
delete tularemia
insert tularemia
delete vilified
insert vilified
delete signalization's
insert signalization's
delete peeress's
insert peeress's
delete dromedary
insert dromedary
delete Tutu
insert Tutu
delete diagnoses
insert diagnoses
delete leitmotifs
insert leitmotifs
delete wake's
insert wake's
delete exportable
insert exportable
delete race's
insert race's
delete apse
insert apse
delete tonsillectomy
insert tonsillectomy
delete Mansfield's
insert Mansfield's
delete cataclysmic
insert cataclysmic
delete moody
insert moody
delete mullets
insert mullets
delete intercessor
insert intercessor
delete dialogues
insert dialogues
delete tranquillize
insert tranquillize
delete joyfullest
insert joyfullest
delete Prussian's
insert Prussian's
delete blockers
insert blockers
delete trampolining
insert trampolining
delete patience's
insert patience's
delete dowdiness
insert dowdiness
delete debarred
insert debarred
delete mark
insert mark
delete Saragossa's
insert Saragossa's
delete jambalaya's
insert jambalaya's
delete wheelbases
insert wheelbases
delete fluorine's
insert fluorine's
delete fearfulness's
insert fearfulness's
delete camouflagers
insert camouflagers
delete cavers
insert cavers
delete Medicares
insert Medicares
delete nurturer
insert nurturer
delete sum's
insert sum's
delete ebullience's
insert ebullience's
delete cuber's
insert cuber's
delete Theron's
insert Theron's
delete spitting
insert spitting
delete worthlessness
insert worthlessness
delete Seeger
insert Seeger
delete sofabed's
insert sofabed's
delete Keith
insert Keith
delete scintillate
insert scintillate
delete corroborator
insert corroborator
delete plumbed
insert plumbed
delete excitement's
insert excitement's
delete shortlisting
insert shortlisting
delete weightlifter
insert weightlifter
delete tiger's
insert tiger's
delete honorable
insert honorable
delete mishmashes
insert mishmashes
delete slouchier
insert slouchier
delete notaries
insert notaries
delete Rivers
insert Rivers
delete Arnhem
insert Arnhem
delete balminess
insert balminess
delete Herrick's
insert Herrick's
delete ellipsoid
insert ellipsoid
delete Mormonisms
insert Mormonisms
delete speaks
insert speaks
delete Bayonne
insert Bayonne
delete preventative's
insert preventative's
delete recapitalization
insert recapitalization
delete audiology
insert audiology
delete Aramaic's
insert Aramaic's
delete divination's
insert divination's
delete repetitious
insert repetitious
delete disarray
insert disarray
delete denitrification
insert denitrification
delete Louisianian
insert Louisianian
delete Donna's
insert Donna's
delete harpooner's
insert harpooner's
delete organist
insert organist
delete dorkiest
insert dorkiest
delete cushion's
insert cushion's
delete fore's
insert fore's
delete hurrahs
insert hurrahs
delete stablemate
insert stablemate
delete superciliousness
insert superciliousness
delete blackens
insert blackens
delete Occident
insert Occident
delete masturbation's
insert masturbation's
delete clamors
insert clamors
delete Langerhans's
insert Langerhans's
delete possessive
insert possessive
delete cohesiveness's
insert cohesiveness's
delete apostasy
insert apostasy
delete hucksterism's
insert hucksterism's
delete belays
insert belays
delete inebriated
insert inebriated
delete polish
insert polish
delete hotelier's
insert hotelier's
delete poses
insert poses
delete allegiance
insert allegiance
delete hawker
insert hawker
delete emulsifying
insert emulsifying
delete junta's
insert junta's
delete dishevelment
insert dishevelment
delete defrost
insert defrost
delete quietness
insert quietness
delete Floridians
insert Floridians
delete cohabited
insert cohabited
delete semolina's
insert semolina's
delete main
insert main
delete dehumidifier's
insert dehumidifier's
delete gild
insert gild
delete deerstalkers
insert deerstalkers
delete stegosauri
insert stegosauri
delete unloading
insert unloading
delete effervesce
insert effervesce
delete defacers
insert defacers
delete navigation's
insert navigation's
delete knuckledusters
insert knuckledusters
delete palatial
insert palatial
